hi everyone this is me again and I have
something new to talk to you about
I just received from my last order the
Burberry beauty line this year I shadow
now I was really excited about these I'm
not a great fan of Burberry
but I was merely curious
I like the neutral tone that they use on
the makeup under their style I don't buy
clothes from them but I show this line
and I say maybe you know I would like
some neutral stuff from them because we
always need to a neutral for daytime
especially so here I am I just receive
it today
it's called sheer eyeshadow I in answer
and it's meaning mean at least that's
good for me umm and everyone other than
that let's open it together money is
cool one of the most popular Oh Barbara
shall is trench number two you know so
let's open it together I'm so excited
I heard a lot of good stuff about this
color and so hopefully I'll enjoy -
sucks comes with this packaging the
packaging always Burberry line you can
tell you can tell it's perfect then you
open it we open it together and there's
Burberry Burberry over there and the
trench coat always always there the
trench symbol everywhere it's pretty
heavy
there it is this is my color it's a nude
it's a perfect nude matte eyeshadow
there you go that's the perfect it's
very soft ratio it seems like you know
we use concealer right and that seems to
some same color
concealers it's pretty me yeah that's
the concealer corner dang it all perfect
for me
Oh else less keen you see that very nice
and it comes with this little cute
applicator Oh whisper berry there there
so now my first impression is it it
seems like pure silk to me it doesn't
have any glitter at all he maybe has
some loose particle things very minimal
sparkle but no glitter you know and this
is what I was looking for I was looking
for a matte nude color let me show you
consider seemed to me
it's my shade and yeah just so perfect
for me um I really love it
it's 2.5 grams and in last 36 months
I mean 36 months that's that's really
mmm that's really a lot so we're happy
about that um it's very very nice the
feeling is so silky
I can tell this is a great quality so
I'm really really happy right now with
this product I will start using for my
everyday look and I'm sure I will not be
disappointed by this and if you have any
other question if you try more Burberry
stuff please let me know and let me know
about the foundation I'm so crews but a
fun day
because I'm sure they have my right
shade I'm really really light skin
especially for either Lee so please let
me know about it from this show and
please make me any question that you
would like to ask me about this product
so if you like the foundation I will try
to order some trying to catch my color
which it always a problem for me the
color but I never this is my new I
Burberry eyeshadow in number Trench the
most I heard this one of the most
popular one the most popular shade there
it is just perfect like skin it's like
skin so that's amazing
so please make me any question down here
I will answer as soon as possible I
promise if you have I don't know doubts
or astral question I'm try toward in the
future more products from Barbie I'm
thinking the next one is going to be I
just need foundation I don't need
because I'm using your money one but I
always love to try new ones so yeah I
will be glad to answer you and try new
stuff together and please subscribe
subscribe and know where these upside
down you know where and yeah subscribe
and please let me know if you know you
have some questions sometimes here in
Italy we have some products that you
don't have in your country sometimes you
know doubts about if the product is
better in New Delhi than outside or the
contrary I have the ability to receive
also American products and most of my
brothers are from from us so please let
me know I will be here for you and
subscribe have a nice day bye thank you
for watching